Yeah Clear enough for ya? Yea right Why you niggas look mad? Y'all supposed to be happy I'm free! Y'all niggas look like y'all wanted me to stay in jail Ho bustas!Picture me rolling in my 500 Benz I got no love for these niggas, there's no need to be friends They got me under surveillance, that's what somebody be telling Know there's dope being sold, but I ain't the one selling! Don't want to be another number I gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from going under The federales wanna see me dead Niggas put prices on my head Now I got two Rottweilers by me bed, I feed 'em lead Now I'm released, how will I live? Will God forgive meÂ for all the dirt a nigga did, to feed kids? One life to live, it's so hard to be positive When niggas shooting at your crib Mama, I'm still thugging, the world is a war zone My homies is inmates, and most of them dead wrong Full grown, finally a man, just scheming on ways To put some green inside the palms of my empty hands Just picture me rollin' Flossing a Benz on rims that isn't stolen My dreams is censored, my hopes are gone I'm like a fiend that finally sees when all the dope is gone My nerves is wrecked, heart beating and my hands are swollen Thinking of the G's I'll be holdin', picture me rollin'Can you see me now? (Oh picture me rollin') Move to the side a little bit so you can get a clear pictureÂ Can you see it? Picture me rollin' (picture me rollin') Yeah nigga! Ay, but peep how my nigga Syke do it to youÂ Guess who's back?I got keys coming from overseas Cost a nigga 200 G's I'm a street commando, Nino for example This lavish lifestyle is hard to handle So I got to floss 'cause I'm more like a boss player Thug, branded to be a women layer So many player haters, imitators steady swanging Make me wanna start back banging So I'm caught up in the game, dress code changed Packing 40 Glocks, contain em or rearrange All that jealousy and envy coming from my enemies While I'm sipping on Remy In front of black Lexus, Chevy's on the roam '96 Big body, sitting on chrome As we head up out the zone, stone facing is on You can admire, but don't look too long I'm living a dream with triple beams and my pockets bulgin' It's hard to imagine picture me rollin'!Picture, picture me rollin' Rollin', picture me rollin' Wheelin', picture me rollin'Â Picture me yea yeahI gots to get the fuck up in it Formulate a caper 'Cause a nigga straight suffering from lack of having paper My bitch fin' to have a bastard, see? So I needs to hit a lick, drastically I see some ballin' ass niggas, and they slippin' in my spot And, uh, diggin the plots (so what?) Checking in the park, 'PacWe caught em sleeping, he didn't peep you niggas creeping? This how we do it every weekend I dump for madness, it's time to count the profit Cpo, we got the bomb spot, nigga time to clock it I get the liquor, and you could get the females This crooked shit that we inflicting getting street sales!Move smooth as a motherfucker, me and my 9 I'm as cool as a motherfucker, I'mma get mine Now we satisfied, got the pockets on swollen Boss Hog and this 'Pac nigga, picture us rollin'Rollin' Picture me rollin' Picture me Picture me rollin'Is y'all ready for me? Picture me rollin' roll call You know there's some muh'fuckers out there I just could not forget about I wanna make sure they can see me Number one on my list Clinton Correctional Facilities All you bitch ass C.O.'s Can you niggas see me from there? Ballin on y'all punk ass! Picture me rollin, baby Yeah All them niggas up in them cell blocks I told y'all niggas when I come home it's on That's right nigga, picture me rollin' Oh, I forgot! The D.A Yeah, that bitch had a lot to talk about in court Can the ho see me from here? Can you see me, ho? Picture me rollin' And all you punk police Can you see me? Am I clear to you? Picture me rollin' nigga, legit Free like O.J. All day You can't stop me You know I got my niggas up in this motherfucker Manute, Pain, Syke, Cochran, Mopreme It's sad dog Can you picture us rolling? Can you see me ho? Is y'all ready for me? We up out this bitch Any time y'all wanna see me again Rewind this track right here, close your eyes And picture me rollin'