How long will they mourn me? Yeah! This for my nigga Kato It's still on nigga, believe that We live a Thug Life, Thugs for Life Yeah (How long will they mourn me?) We handle this shit for you bwoy Yeah nigga 2Pac in this motherfuckerAll my homies drinkin' liquor Tears in everybody's eyes Niggas cried, to mourn a homie's homicide But I can't cry, instead I'm just a shoulder Damn, why they take another soldier? I load my clip before my eyes blurry, don't worry I'll get them suckers back before your buried (shit) Retaliate and pull a one eight seven Do real niggas get to go to heaven? How long will they mourn me? Bury me a motherfuckin' G Bitch don't wanna die, then, don't fuck with me It's kinda hard to be optimistic When your homie's lyin' dead on the pavement twisted Y'all don't hear me doe, I'm tryin hard to make amends But I'm losin' all my motherfuckin' friends, damn! They should've shot me when I was born Now I'm trapped in the motherfuckin' storm How long will they mourn me?I wish it would have been another How long will they mourn me? How long, will they mourn my brotherÂ (Half them niggas all dead and shit) How long will they mourn me? I wish it would have been anotherÂ (dedicated this to Kato nigga, and e'ry thug) How long will they mourn me? How long, will they mourn my brotherÂ (yo nigga, we gotta keep this shit goin' on, yo Syke)How long will they mourn me? Every motherfuckin' day homie You stayed down when the other niggas didn't know me From my heart to the trigger you my fuckin' nigga And things won't be the same without ya nigga I remember kickin' back, you wanted a 'llac And goin' half on a motherfuckin' hundred sack Smokin' blunt after blunt, and steady drinkin' Hung around so much, you knew what I was thinkin' Tell me Lord, why you take big Kato? So confused not knowing which way to go I'm goin' crazy and runnin' out of fuckin' time I can't take it, I'm losin' my fuckin' mind So day after day, ride after ride We'll hook up on the other side Watch over your family and your newborn Till we meet again homie How long will they mourn me?I wish it would have been another (Big Kato) How long will they mourn me?Â How long, will they mourn, my brotherÂ (It's still on nigga) How long will they mourn me? I wish it would have been another (Yeah) How long will they mourn me? How long will they mourn, my brother (Rated R,Â Double Jeapordy, Mac 10)Damn, a nigga tired of feelin' sad I'm tired of puttin' in work I'm tired of cryin' watchin' my homies leave the earth I know soon one day I'll be in the dirt And my peoples'll be mournin' When they get a call from the coroner All niggas can say is that's fucked up And get tossed up, reminiscin' how we grew up (my nigga) Rest and love to my nigga Kato See you in the crossroads real soon For now let me pour out some brew I'll be always thinkin' of ya homie Rest in peace, how long will they mourn me?We know life's a fuckin' trip And everybody gotta go But why the fuck it have to be my nigga Kato? Another nigga fell victim to the chrome It's enough to make you crazy, it's fuckin' with my dome You only live once on this earthÂ a nigga had it bad Since the day, of my motherfuckin' birth (uh) But niggas say they down and they always be my homie But when a nigga gone, how long will ya mourn me?Â(Yeah!) I wish it would have been anotherÂ (Mac 10 in this motherfucker, yeah!) How long will you mourn me?! How long, will they mourn my brotherÂ (Thug Life boy, Nate, blowin that shit) I wish it would have been anotherÂ (Nate Dogg do that shit nigga, yeah) How long will you mourn me?! How long will they mourn, my brotherÂ (This for my nigga Kato, and all his kids) How long will you mourn me?! I wish it would have been another How long will they mourn my brother