R U still down R U still down R U still downNow up and at 'em it's on, I was raised to be strong And Mama told me be a Thug since the day I was born I came up, out the gutter never changed my style Got for real about my papers, 'cause the game was wildAnd the fame was a plot to try to change me And what's strange is nobody knew my name 'fore it came Now the whole world is calling me a, killer All I ever did, was try to reach the kids with the realAll the time I was ballin', never heard my friends callin' Couldn't stop myself from fallin', I'm all in Shit's gettin' sleazy, believe me Best to take what ya need, but don't be greedy'Cause in my mind, I see sunshine, I thought I didn't have to run, now I'm duckin' from the gun yellin', one time Take your time to feel my record, and if you did Chill a second, my blind method, will still wreck it My young homies stay strong I wonder if they'll listen to a nigga when he gone, R U still down?Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down?I'm gettin' high, so a nigga think he touch the sky Turn tough inside, in the rush to die Livin' life as a Thug time to face the truth What's goin' on with the wasted youth, please GodCome and save me, had to work with what ya gave me And got a nigga goin' crazy I can't read the signs, I'm blind, but a nigga know He need his nine, 'cause times, they ain't what they used to beAin't a penitentiary built big enough for me And my niggaz on the streets, man listen 'Cause these ain't the old days Ain't no way I'ma bustin' my ass and gettin' no payIt seems I can't find my focus, and homey I ain't paranoid I seen the future and it's hopeless Lord knows, it's hard on a young scrub It seems I had less problems when I slung drugsBut since I'm tryin' lace niggaz with the game Wanna see me locked in chains, tryin' to dirty up my name And them same motherfuckers that was callin' me I will be the first to turn their backs, when I'm fallin', see I should have seen it from the jump, but now it's clear This one nigga got the town in fear, but R U still downRaise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em up, R U still down? Raise 'em upI wrote this for my critics and my, enemies Last year ya used to love me, huh remember me Now ya hate me with a passion, tryin' to get me stuck in the mix I'm stayin' sharp, got no time for them tricksAnd now they wonder if I'm goin' to jail Just as well, 'cause my life on the streets a living Hell And I can't sleep, they got my phone tapped, and mercy Lord Come get me 'fore they hurt meRan outta tears, and through the years couldn't change me My daddy left me alone, and so I'm angry I never did nothin' wrong, my mama told me, "Baby it's on" And now I'm hustlin' and bustlin' bonesNever said it came easy, I'm makin' cheese Buyin' all the things on TV, and gettin' skeezed Wish my homeboys could see me now Little bad motherfucker runnin' wild through the town Please tell me, R U still down?R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up?R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up?R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up? Remember me R U still down, raise 'em up?That's right y'all, give them bitches the motherfuckin' middle finger Raise 'em up These hoes can't fade me, don't these bitches know we crazy? Thug Life, niggaz, be, the sickestYou feel me? Now get that shit written down Goddamn Took four years and a motherfuckin' case For these motherfuckers to feel me, ain't that a bitch?R U still motherfucking down? Old hoe ass fake ass niggaz We out this motherfucker