Represent, represent! Represent, represent! Represent, represent! Represent, represent!Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggas tumble The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals Who don't care, guzzling beers, we all stare At the out of towners (Ay, yo, yo, who that?) They better break North Before we get the four pounders, and take their face off The streets is filled with undercovers, homicide chasing brothers The D.A.'s on the roof, trying to, watch us and knock us And killer coppers, even come through in helicopters I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock for The fronters, wannabe ill niggas and spot runners Thinking it can't happen til I, trap em and clap em And leave em done, won't even run about Gods I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards Nas is a rebel of the street corner Pulling a Tec out the dresser, police got me under pressureRepresent, represent! Represent, represent! Represent, represent! Represent, represent!Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella Moet drinking, marijuana smoking street dweller Who's always on the corner, rolling up blessed When I dress, it's never nothing less than Guess Cold be walking with a bop and my hat turned back Love committing sins and my friends sell crack This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue The school drop out, never liked the shit from day one Cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggas and crab stunts So I guzzle my Hennesey while pulling on mad blunts The brutalizer, crew de sizer, accelerator The type of nigga who be pissing in your elevator Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames Now I'm into fat chains, sex and Tecs Fly new chicks and new kicks, Heine's and Beck'sRepresent, represent! Represent, represent! Represent, represent!No doubt; see my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane I used to wake up every morning, see my crew on the block Every day's a different plan that had us running from cops If it wasn't hanging out in front of cocaine spots We was at the candy factory, breaking the locks Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man Fuck a yard God, let me see a hundred grand Could use a gun Son, but fuck being the wanted man But if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam Then call the crew to get live too With Swoop, Hakim, my brother Jungle, Big Bo, cooks up the blow Mike'll chop it, Mayo, you count the profit My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs 'Nough respect to the projects, I'm ghost, One LoveRepresent ya'll, represent! Represent ya'll, represent! Represent ya'll, represent! Represent ya'll, represent!